Proxy autoinst ex #10186 ke (#48)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/client-automating-preparation.adoc

Navigate to menu:Systems[Autoinstallation > Autoinstallation Snippets] to see which snippets are available.
For more information, see xref:reference:systems/autoinst-snippets.adoc[].

== SUSE Manager Proxy

A {productname} Proxy is a SLE client with a special role.
You can install it using AutoYaST.

. Create an autoinstallation tree as outlined in <<client-cfg-autoinstallation-prep>>.
+
* Unpack a Unified Installer DVD1.
* Use [guimenu]``SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Proxy-4.1-Pool for x86_64`` as the base channel.
* Make sure the [guimenu]``SUSE Manager Proxy 4.1 x86_64`` product is completely mirrored.

> . Create a suitable AutoYaST profile as outlined in xref:upgrade/proxy-migration.adoc[].

Reviewer: Hmm, I think this reference a autoyast profile made for "migration". This is not the best thing to point to.
I did not check if it also has some text which might be usefull, but if you just need an autoyast profile for Proxy new installation, I can try to provide one.

Author: @mcalmer thanks for spotting!  yes, i'd appreciate if you'd provide one for a new proxy install.

Reviewer: https://w3.suse.de/~mc/SUSEManager/suma-proxy-install.xml

Maybe you can add some notes to that example:

- change the root password - maybe with a reference to autoyast docs
- storage section is missing. I am not sure what happens without it. I hope the proposal is used but I cannot say for sure. A question to schubi is running. Maybe I will update it when I have more information.

Reviewer: Just got feedback. If no partitioning section is present in the autoyast profile it should take the proposal. So I think this example should be ok

Author: Thanks Michael!  I changed the version numbers: 4.0 > 4.1 and 15-sp1 > 15-sp2.  I hope this will match the names when the product is released.

. Create an autoinstallation tree as outlined in <<client-cfg-autoinstallation-prep>>.
+
* Unpack a Unified Installer DVD1.
* Use [guimenu]``SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Proxy-4.1-Pool for x86_64`` as the base channel.
* Make sure the [guimenu]``SUSE Manager Proxy 4.1 x86_64`` product is completely mirrored.

> . Create a suitable AutoYaST profile as outlined in the following example (change the ``<password>``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create an AutoYaST profile.
You can use this example as a starting point.
Ensure you change the ``<password>`` to match your own settings:
```
